Add windows gitkraken and conda instructions (#369)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: docs/software-platforms/general-tools/using-the-terminal.md

Make sure that you have taken all the necessary steps to [install WSL2](../../technical-setup/install-wsl2.md).

To access the Ubuntu terminal, we recommend using the ["Terminal" application](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/).

> This application opens all types of shells, aka command line prompts, open in the same window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application opens all types of shells, aka command line prompts, in the same window.
Compared to previous options, it much better supports handy features such as copy and paste.
```

Make sure that you have taken all the necessary steps to [install WSL2](../../technical-setup/install-wsl2.md).

Accessing the Ubuntu terminal depends on your Windows version:

#### Windows 10

Search for the application called "Ubuntu" in the Windows search menu to launch the Ubuntu terminal.

#### Windows 11

> In the most recent Windows 11 version, there is a single application called _Terminal_ which opens all types of shells, aka command line prompts, open in the same window.

Reviewer: It looks like this is available to Windows 10 users as well: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/ and https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9n0dx20hk701?rtc=1&hl=en-us&gl=US

We should definitely link to the docs at https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/terminal/

I wonder if we should just recommend that everyone install it if it is not already installed?

I'm a little worried about the next two lines here as well: do we know that the Ubuntu terminal will always be the default? My guess is that is set somewhere and it could change and/or it defaults to the last thing you used. I would stick with assuming it is not the default and tell people to always click Ubuntu if they want Ubuntu (remove the upper arrow from your screenshot)
